"Well?" Goliss smiled at Addie from across the table in the Barsoom
Lounge. "Thanks to you, we did it. We stopped whatever that virus thing was,
or I guess it was a bacteria thing. Your sequence finder worked
perfectly. Those guys in biomed can't stop telling me how amazing it
was!". She smiled again and then took a sip from her tea. The Martian tea
plants were just now starting to produce some decent leaves so Martian tea was
the latest craze at all of the stations.

"But biomed isn't the only one to notice your skill. It turns out Van Halen
wants to talk to you about their emergency dispatch system. And, well, they've
asked me to work with you to see if we can't fix the problem." She leaned
forward with a glint in her eye. "There's a rumor that if we are successful
with this, I'll get promoted to Van Halen Director! And I'm bringing you with
me!"

Leanning back, Addie sipped her own cup of tea. It had a unique, but good,
flavor. Visions of working at the central headquarters filled her head. No
longer stuck working on boring number crunching or for that stupid Amin
guy. She'd get to work on the leading software everywhere on the planet. In
fact, she'd even get to create and launch her own projects. Addie grinned
despite trying to keep a calm demeanor.

"The emergency system? What sort of problems are we talking about?"

"I think it's just an efficiency problem. Ever since landing, any emergency
requests from the various stations could be handled by hand. But with the
population increases, Van Halen says they are getting several hundred requests
per day now. They can't sort through them and respond appropriately quickly
enough. They want a system that will handle the dispatches automatically."

"I'd be writing their emergency dispatch software?"

"Not quite yet. They first want a simulation, just to see how it will work so
that they can tune the parameters. They said they can send me the system
constraints and some sample data to work with."

The new project sounded good to Addie. Definitely more interesting than the
work she had been doing. She nodded to Goliss. "Yep, let's do this. By the
way, if you do get that director job, what will you do with Williams?"

Goliss's face soured for a second then a dangerous smiles spread across
it. "Well, I can guarantee you that he won't be happy. I've got some ideas..."

Addie shook her head with a smirk. "He crossed the wrong person. I can see
that."

The two stood up from the table and headed to the lift. Goliss explained that
she'd be sending the data files as soon as she was back in her office. Addie
promised her that she'd have an initial draft of the program finished in a few
days.

When Addie got back to her work desk she had just settled into her current
boring assignment when Amin came up to her. Amin Shashtar took over as her
supervisor just two weeks ago and it hadn't been pleasant. He used to work for
Williams but lost his job when Williams was demoted and he mostly blamed that on
Addie.

"Taking a long break today, I see." he whined and sneered. "I saw that you
were meeting with that nasty woman Goliss."

Addie tried to suppress her reaction. "I'm not hourly, you know. I don't have
to check in for breaks. And who I meet with is my own business."

"Yeah?" Amin rolled a chair right up to her desk and slid into it. "But when
you're not getting your job done, then it's my problem that I get to deal
with."

"Not getting my job done? What are you talking about?" She tried to keep her
voice low. "I've completed every assignment on time and with no errors."

"That's not the way I see it." A dark look crossed Amin's eyes. "You are
supposedly this crack programmer but all I see is a mediocre hack just getting
by. Sure, you finish everything on the due date but if you were such hot
stuff, you could do it earlier. So by my thinking, you're not getting your
work done as fast as you could. Either that or your just lying to all of us
about your skills. Which is it?"

Addie looked shocked at Amin. "So you're saying that since I don't finish early,
I'm not finishing on time?"

"You're the one who said it." A snarky smile turned Amin's thin lips up at the
corner of his mouth. "I mean, unless you've been faking it this whole time."
Amin put his palms on his thighs and straightened his shoulders. Even sitting
at full height the chair looked too big for him. "I guess I'm just going to
have to report you. Oh, and Bartos over there found some easter eggs in your
code. Looks like you were trying to sabotage the life support system at
Alabama."

Addie glanced over to Bartos's desk but he kept his head down to avoid looking
at her.

"Are you serious?" She stopped trying to keep her voice low. "You know full
well that I didn't do any such thing!" She stood and pushed her chair
back. Amin also stood but his eyes were only at her chest level. A scowl was
on his face and he poked her in the chest with a finger.

"You and Goliss are a disgrace! Always meddling around with other people's
lives. You should have left us alone on Boston." He spat the words out. "Now
you will do your job here, and quickly, or I'll make sure you're finished on
Mars." He moved his finger to point at the chair as if ordering her to sit
back down.

"Seriously? You think I take you seriously?" Addie looked around the computer
lab. Everyone else was awkwardly pretending not to notice the
confrontation. She made a decision.

"You know what? I'm quitting. You can find someone else to pretend to be the
boss over. I'm done. And," she put her finger right into Amin's face, "and,
and, well, I can't say. But a few weeks from now, things are going to be very
different for you. Very different!"

Addie stormed out of the lab and slammed the door on the way out. Now
everything depended on Goliss getting that Van Halen job.


